docs: JIT was Default until angular 8 added (#42487)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/glossary.md

> This is the best compilation mode for production environments, with decreased load time and increased performance compared to [just-in-time (JIT) compilation](#jit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AOT compilation is the recommended approach (vs [just-in-time (JIT) compilation](#jit)) and it's used by default when you run Angular's `ng build` and `ng serve` CLI commands.
```

> By compiling your application using the `ngc` command-line tool, you can bootstrap directly to a module factory, so you don't need to include the Angular compiler in your JavaScript bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compiling an application in AOT mode allows to exclude Angular compiler code from the generated JavaScript bundle, thus making it smaller compared to JIT compilation.
```

> AOT is the default since Angular 9.

Reviewer: I think we can drop version-related info here too.

The Angular just-in-time (JIT) compiler converts your Angular HTML and TypeScript code into
efficient JavaScript code at run time, as part of bootstrapping.

> JIT compilation was default until Angular 8 when you ran Angular's `ng build` and `ng serve` CLI commands (From Angular 9 AOT is default), and JIT is a good choice during development.

Reviewer: I'd propose removing this sentence completely vs updating it with extra version-related info. I don't see how versions information will add value for readers.
